

30 minutes - QA - Reviewing PT conversations

2 hours - QA - Researching why Heroku crashed for 30 minutes this morning (Heroku eventually began responding again). Researching how to avoid metabase-heroku app crash in the future. Taking notes.  



10 minutes - Customer Support - Call Elad to verify he understands bug and how to fix campaign

1 hours - QA - testing out new version (0.9.231)

1 hour - Customer Success - reviewing swiftic account - content and metrics

1 hour - Sales - following-up with users who's trials have expired: ashley, brian, and rotem from inbound junction

1 hour - Product Improvement - Writing out list of "next steps for Client Analytics dashboard" - relevant features and ideas

30 minutes - Customer Success - Checking the activity of Nir from Heyoya and Ongage

15 minutes - QA - reporting bug: "Responders" still getting automated follow-ups




To-Do

Next: 

Report Bug about 

 and Danny Roberts from Ongage - are the campaigns succesful (check the conversion rate), and the types of responses they're getting. Check only the past 2 weeks of both of these campaigns.



(a) Done - Ask Ricardo about the snippets he uses for his follow-ups, and write notes about our Onboarding Process.

(b) Following-up with Ashley regarding trying the software again (send her a sample CSV and the dashboard for Growth-X)



All Added to PT

c) Write out the next steps for our "Client Analytics dashboard". Link to the older story (now completed): https://www.pivotaltracker.com/story/show/148198135

Ideas: (1) Need a pie chart which highlights all the users that sent invites via one specific campaign.
Here is a pie chart showing the Campaign Breakdown (users): https://meta-g.herokuapp.com/dashboard/5

1) Write out some ideas (in PT about Metabase dashboard for clients): 
	a) The campaign-name column should be closer to the left.
	b) Regarding the "Response Sent date", it should be ordered from most recently sent to oldest.

- Need to find a solution to searching by Campaign ID, and User ID, and Message Type (either have more Iframes) or Create a Scroll-Down Menu which is dynamically generated with all the User ID's, Campaign ID's and Message Types.





2) Test out some of the new features (once it's updated)

3) Did Swiftic create a new campaign (they only had one campaign), so the question is whether they have 1 or more?







